README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

fix: update README and add font-synthesis to global css

README.md, after:

# OneLot Landing

<img width="1920" height="1080" alt="964shots_so" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd18cc9a-7794-4622-9349-56b0d5845501" />

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/sayantanmpaul/onelot-landing.git
    ```
2.  Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd onelot-landing
    ```
3.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
### Running the Development Server

To start the development server, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Disclaimer & Repository Policy

This repository is created solely for evaluation purposes as part of an organization's development challenge.
It is temporary and will be made private or deleted once the review process is complete and a final decision is communicated by the team.

### Author
**Sayantan Paul**

[sayantanpaul.com](http://www.sayantanpaul.com/) · [linkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/imsayantanpaul/) · [x](https://x.com/sayantanm_p)
